The NCDIT Support Center
provides a dedicated support experience for government agencies,
local governments,
and partner organizations interacting with NCDIT services
while establishing a foundation for expanded business
and constituent facing digital services over time.
Within the NCDIT Support Center,
users can request services,
submit support cases,
search for information,
track updates
and stay informed about service status and ongoing work
all in one place.
The service catalog provides a streamlined way
to request services and support from NCDIT.
Services are organized into categories to help users quickly
find the right request option for their needs.
Dynamic forms help guide users through the information
needed to support faster routing and fulfillment,
while simplifying the request experience.
Once complete,
requests can be submitted directly through the portal.
If additional support is needed,
users can search for information directly from the portal
or submit a support case to connect with the appropriate support teams.
When submitting a support case,
users can indicate whether something is broken or not working properly,
or whether they need additional assistance or services.
Support cases provide a centralized way to communicate with NCDIT teams,
share information and coordinate support activities throughout the
lifecycle of an issue or request.
Users can track submitted cases directly within
the portal by navigating to My Cases.
The My Cases view provides visibility into active and previously submitted cases,
including current status,
recent updates,
and ongoing work.
Opening a case provides additional details
and ongoing communication from support teams.
Users can review updates,
share information,
upload attachments,
and respond directly within the activity stream throughout the support process.
Additional support resources are also available directly from the portal.
Users can access live support by selecting Chat now,
which connects to the NCDIT support site for real-time assistance.
Back in the Support Center,
users can also view current system status,
including known issues,
planned maintenance and service updates.
The NCDIT Support Center also includes
a growing knowledge base containing guidance,
reference information,
and support articles designed to help users find answers
and complete common tasks through self-service.
Knowledge content will continue to expand over time,
supporting improved self-service experiences and
helping users quickly access information
without needing to submit a request or support case.
Whether requesting services,
submitting support cases,
tracking progress,
or searching for information.
The NCDIT Support Center delivers a centralized and transparent
support experience for users engaging with NCDIT services.